c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.g.resources
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.dll
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.pdb
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.xap
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Maps.dll
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Maps.xml
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.dll
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.pdb
c:\users\jomul\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.dll
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.pdb
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Maps.dll
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Maps.xml
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.g.resources
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.dll
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.pdb
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\Bin\Debug\LocationServiceViewer.xap
C:\Users\Rosshe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LocationServiceViewer\LocationServiceViewer\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
